During presentations or meetings, avoid pointing with your index finger; use an open palm.
Avoid using large hand movements.
Exercise great caution while business gifting. It’s best to avoid clocks, handkerchiefs, or something in white, blue or black; as they are all associated with death.
While accepting business cards, receive it with both hands. Look at it and make a positive comment about it. Do not scribble on it.
Make sure the gift you take for your host is gift-wrapped. If you receive a gift, do not be in a hurry to open it. Save it for later.
Always use your right hand to shake hands, offering or receiving something and eating.
It’s customary to bow when greeting people. The more senior the person, the deeper your bow should be.
While out in restaurants and bars with business prospects, never pour your own drink. It’s a social faux pas. Whenever you find your neighbours’ glass empty, fill it. They will do the same.
Never call someone with your index finger; it’s considered rude. Also, do not snap your fingers, wink, or whistle in public.
When dining in these cultures, it’s best to follow your host or the natives. Eating habits vary greatly between these countries; what works in one might not in another. So take note of that.
Arrive at the job earlier so that you can be in the chair on time after a cup of coffee.
Try to anticipate certain tasks before they are given to you such as finding a report you know your boss will ask for.
Adhere to your office dress code.
Make sure your clothes are clean and ironed.
Do not spend your time making personal calls or surfing the web, focus on the job.
Be punctual throughout the day for breaks, deadlines, your lunch hour as well as for leaving the day.
Never gossip about co-workers.
Do not flirt with co-workers or business colleagues (like clients).
Watch your language.
This does not mean swearing, but also how you choose to phrase or present situations, and the tone of your voice you choose to use.
Remember to rely on consideration, respect and honesty whenever you find yourself wondering what is the best course of action in a difficult situation.
Respect your co-workers.