In a mosque, both men and women should cover as much skin as possible, however women are required to cover their heads too.
If you don't have the required modest attire when in a mosque, larger mosques in tourist areas will loan proper attire for covering up during the visit.
Women should have all skin covered, and ankle-length skirts or pants are required.
Sleeves should reach to each wrist and the hair should be covered by a headscarf.
Pants or skirts that are too revealing, clingy, or tight should not be worn.
Men should wear long pants and plain shirts without messages or slogans when visiting mosques.
Short-sleeved shirts are acceptable as long as the sleeves are not shorter than average.
Sometimes men and women use separate entrances to enter a mosque, but you'll need to look for signs to know if a specific mosque follows this rule.
In general, tourists should avoid visiting a mosque during prayer times.
If present during the prayers, visitors should sit quietly at the back wall without taking photos.
You should be particularly sensitive about smoking, eating, or drinking in the proximity of mosques during Ramadan, though, as many followers of Islam will be giving up such vices during the holy holiday.
It is best to visit mosques before sundown during Ramadan to prevent disturbing locals enjoying their potluck-style iftar dinners, which are sometimes hosted inside the mosque.
Before entering a mosque or a buddhist temple, remove your shoes and hat.
Never touch, sit near, or climb on a Buddha statue or the raised platform the statue sits on.
Get permission before taking photographs and never do so during worship.
When exiting, you should walk backwards and get some distance between you and the Buddha before turning your back.
Pointing at things or people around the temple is considered extremely rude.
To indicate something, use your right hand with the palm facing upwards.
When sitting, never point your feet at a person or image of Buddha.
If you happen to be sitting in the worship area when monks or nuns enter, stand to show respect; wait until they have finished their prostrations before sitting again.
Keep in mind that monks don't eat in the afternoon, so be mindful about eating or snacking around them.
If a monk is sitting, show respect by sitting before starting a conversation and avoid sitting higher than a monk if you can help it.
Never point your feet at any Buddhist while sitting.
You should only use your right hand when giving or receiving something from a monk.
Women should never touch or a hand a monk something and even brushing against a monk by accident might make them uncomfortable.
Women should generally pass on their donations to a man, who then hands it over to the monk.
You are likely to find greeters at the church doors, so be prepared to shake hands with someone when you enter.
When entering, smile, be friendly and introduce yourself if you have the opportunity.
If it is crowded when you arrive, you might want to wait until the service is over to socialize.
Do your best to arrive at church on time, or even better, before the service starts.
If you do arrive late, however, be as quiet as possible and sit toward the back so you don't interfere with others worshiping.
Many churches prefer members to enter quietly and remain reverently silent out of respect for God.
Pay attention to how other people are behaving.
Before entering a church, either put your cell phone on silent or turn it off.
Don't chew gum because a smacking or popping noise will disrupt the time that people are praying or listening to the preacher or priest.
Before you go to a new church, dress appropriately, that is, dress modestly.
In the past people wore what was considered their "Sunday finest", but many congregations opted for a more come-as-you-are service.
Whatever the case, never wear anything too tight or revealing.
Find out what the policy is on children attending church before you take them.
If you are encouraged to bring your little ones into the sanctuary, give them an etiquette lesson before you leave the house.
Put a picture book or a quiet game in your bag in case your child starts to squirm.
Most families with small children are more comfortable sitting in the back in case someone needs to get up during the service.
One of the most important things you can do when attending church is to be respectful of what you're there for and others around you.
Also, being on your best behavior and paying attention to what is going on gives you the opportunity to get the most out of the service.